Changing names of functions (#462)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/functions/functions.md

- An optional list of parameters separated by commas enclosed by a set of parentheses `()`.
- A function body enclosed in a set of curly braces `{}`.

> The example code provided contains a function named `sum()` that takes in 2 values and prints the sum of those numbers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example code provided contains a function named `sum()` that takes in two values and prints their sum:
```

Reviewer: Recommending this small change and we'll be good to merge! 👍

The example code provided contains a function named `add()` that takes in 2 values and prints the sum of those numbers:

```js

> function sum(number1, number2) {

Reviewer 2: Let's adjust the explanations above to match our change here 👍
